facetiously "no definition"
perspicacity "the quality of having a ready insight into things; shrewdness"
laconically "no definition"
phototropic "no definition"
gestalt "an organized whole that is perceived as more than the sum of its parts."
contralto "the lowest female singing voice"
disdain "the feeling that someone or something is unworthy of one's consideration or respect"
gamut "the complete range or scope of something"
precocious "(of a child) having developed certain abilities or inclinations at an earlier age than is usual or expected"
cathartic "providing psychological relief through the open expression of strong emotions; causing catharsis"
myopic "short-sighted"
azimuth "the direction of a celestial object from the observer, expressed as the angular distance from the north or south point of the horizon to the point at which a vertical circle passing through the object intersects the horizon."
terroir "the complete natural environment in which a particular wine is produced, including factors such as the soil, topography, and climate."
obduracy "no definition"
incipit "the opening of a manuscript, early printed book, or chanted liturgical text."
bilious "affected by or associated with nausea or vomiting"
abrogate "repeal or do away with (a law, right, or formal agreement)"
ineluctable "unable to be resisted or avoided; inescapable"
internecine "destructive to both sides in a conflict"
victual "food or provisions"
introspection "the examination or observation of one's own mental and emotional processes"
rube "a country bumpkin"
career "an occupation undertaken for a significant period of a person's life and with opportunities for progress"
wag "(especially with reference to an animal's tail) move or cause to move rapidly to and fro"
countenance "a person's face or facial expression"
mollify "appease the anger or anxiety of (someone)"
desultory "lacking a plan, purpose, or enthusiasm"
behest "a person's orders or command"
epigenetic "relating to or arising from non-genetic influences on gene expression"
pilaster "a rectangular column, especially one projecting from a wall."
precipitously "very steeply"
littoral "relating to or situated on the shore of the sea or a lake"
moil "work hard"
histrionic "excessively theatrical or dramatic in character or style"
insidious "proceeding in a gradual, subtle way, but with very harmful effects"
inculcate "instil (an idea, attitude, or habit) by persistent instruction"
seminal "strongly influencing later developments"
ameliorative "no definition"
remit "cancel or refrain from exacting or inflicting (a debt or punishment)"
synecdoche "a figure of speech in which a part is made to represent the whole or vice versa, as in England lost by six wickets (meaning \u2018 the English cricket team\u2019)."
flocculent "having or resembling tufts of wool"
contraband "goods that have been imported or exported illegally"
blithely "in a way that shows a casual and cheerful indifference considered to be callous or improper"
evolute "a curve which is the locus of the centres of curvature of another curve (its involute)."
deign "do something that one considers to be beneath one's dignity"
obloquy "strong public condemnation"
facsimile "an exact copy, especially of written or printed material"
Delphic "relating to the ancient Greek oracle at Delphi."
interlocutor "a person who takes part in a dialogue or conversation."
minatory "expressing or conveying a threat"
taciturn "(of a person) reserved or uncommunicative in speech; saying little"
lasciviously "no definition"
cavort "jump or dance around excitedly"
literature "written works, especially those considered of superior or lasting artistic merit"
bituminous "of, containing, or of the nature of bitumen."
proboscis "the nose of a mammal, especially when it is long and mobile such as the trunk of an elephant or the snout of a tapir."
undine "a female spirit or nymph imagined as inhabiting water."
their "belonging to or associated with the people or things previously mentioned or easily identified"
Perrier 404
canasta "a card game resembling rummy, using two packs. It is usually played by two pairs of partners, and the aim is to collect sets (or melds) of cards."
banderole "a long, narrow flag with a cleft end, flown at a masthead."
mephitic "(especially of a gas or vapour) foul-smelling; noxious"
asceticism "severe self-discipline and avoiding of all forms of indulgence, typically for religious reasons"
atavistic "relating to or characterized by reversion to something ancient or ancestral"
somnambulant "no definition"
saccadic "no definition"
unguent "a soft greasy or viscous substance used as ointment or for lubrication."
élan 404
chthonian 404
tutelage "protection of or authority over someone or something; guardianship"
viridian "a bluish-green pigment consisting of hydrated chromium hydroxide."
priapism "persistent and painful erection of the penis."
moraine "a mass of rocks and sediment carried down and deposited by a glacier, typically as ridges at its edges or extremity."
misogamist "no definition"
brogue "a strong outdoor shoe with ornamental perforated patterns in the leather."
behoove 404
obeisant "no definition"
rococo "denoting furniture or architecture characterized by an elaborately ornamental late baroque style of decoration prevalent in 18th-century continental Europe, with asymmetrical patterns involving motifs and scrollwork"
pugilistic "no definition"
egress "the action of going out of or leaving a place"
lubricious "offensively displaying or intended to arouse sexual desire"
portentously "no definition"
evanescent "soon passing out of sight, memory, or existence; quickly fading or disappearing"
primogeniture "the state of being the firstborn child."
chimera "(in Greek mythology) a fire-breathing female monster with a lion's head, a goat's body, and a serpent's tail."
aberration "a departure from what is normal, usual, or expected, typically an unwelcome one"
attenuate "reduce the force, effect, or value of"
incubus "a male demon believed to have sexual intercourse with sleeping women."
ignoble "not honourable in character or purpose"
carnality "no definition"
accretion "growth or increase by the gradual accumulation of additional layers or matter"
progenitor "a person or thing from which a person, animal, or plant is descended or originates; an ancestor or parent"
antimacassar "a piece of cloth put over the back of a chair to protect it from grease and dirt or as an ornament."
hermeneutics "the branch of knowledge that deals with interpretation, especially of the Bible or literary texts."
brig "a two-masted square-rigged ship, typically having an additional lower fore-and-aft sail on the gaff and a boom to the mainmast."
vilify "speak or write about in an abusively disparaging manner"
Sisyphus "the son of Aeolus, punished in Hades for his misdeeds in life by being condemned to the eternal task of rolling a large stone to the top of a hill, from which it always rolled down again."
impresario "a person who organizes and often finances concerts, plays, or operas."
conflagration "an extensive fire which destroys a great deal of land or property"
legerdemain "skilful use of one's hands when performing conjuring tricks."
consternation "a feeling of anxiety or dismay, typically at something unexpected"
surfeit "an excessive amount of something"
hucksterism 403
denigrate 403
extemporaneously "no definition"
bellicose "demonstrating aggression and willingness to fight"
sacrosanct 403
morass 403
invidious 403
dilettante 403
group 403
veracity 403
spurious 403
heuristic 403
anachronistic 403
but 403
redoubtable 403
iron 403
concupiscent 403
epicanthic 403
sardonic 403
impetus 403
abeyance 403
impunity 403
geriatric 403
jihad 403
Calvinist 403
austerity 403
erudition 403
indelibly 403
predilection 403
scrimshaw 403
sybaritic 403
enigmatic 403
portentous 403
beseech 403
extant 403
catharsis "the process of releasing, and thereby providing relief from, strong or repressed emotions"
somnambulism "sleepwalking"
panegyric "a public speech or published text in praise of someone or something"
glib "(of words or a speaker) fluent but insincere and shallow"
edifying "providing moral or intellectual instruction"
-ite "forming names denoting natives of a country"
stolidly "no definition"
sere "(especially of vegetation) dry or withered"
recondite "(of a subject or knowledge) little known; abstruse"
bedlam "a scene of uproar and confusion"
exsanguinate "no definition"
progenitor "a person or thing from which a person, animal, or plant is descended or originates; an ancestor or parent"
mendicant "given to begging."
acculturation "no definition"
anthropomorphic "relating to or characterized by anthropomorphism"
festoon "a chain or garland of flowers, leaves, or ribbons, hung in a curve as a decoration."
remiss "lacking care or attention to duty; negligent"
bastion "a projecting part of a fortification built at an angle to the line of a wall, so as to allow defensive fire in several directions."
caldera "a large volcanic crater, especially one formed by a major eruption leading to the collapse of the mouth of the volcano."
inanition "exhaustion caused by lack of nourishment"
abstruse "difficult to understand; obscure"
amanuensis "a literary or artistic assistant, in particular one who takes dictation or copies manuscripts."
lucubration "writing or study"
pejorative "expressing contempt or disapproval"
raiment "clothing"
dragoon "a member of any of several cavalry regiments in the British army."
fetter "a chain or manacle used to restrain a prisoner, typically placed around the ankles"
interlocutor "a person who takes part in a dialogue or conversation."
obviate "remove (a need or difficulty)"
reticule "a woman's small handbag, typically having a drawstring and decorated with embroidery or beading."
canticle "a hymn or chant, typically with a biblical text, forming a regular part of a church service."
omnibus "a volume containing several books previously published separately"
harangue "a lengthy and aggressive speech"
seditious "inciting or causing people to rebel against the authority of a state or monarch"
ostensibly "as appears or is stated to be true, though not necessarily so; apparently"
brook "a small stream"
firmament "the heavens or sky"
foray "a sudden attack or incursion into enemy territory, especially to obtain something; a raid"
charlatan "a person falsely claiming to have a special knowledge or skill"
obstreperous "noisy and difficult to control"
supine "(of a person) lying face upwards."
prognathous "having a projecting lower jaw or chin."
profligate "recklessly extravagant or wasteful in the use of resources"
lachrymose "tearful or given to weeping"
sunder "split apart"
spavined "no definition"
her "used as the object of a verb or preposition to refer to a female person or animal previously mentioned or easily identified"
soporific "tending to induce drowsiness or sleep"
sartorial "relating to tailoring, clothes, or style of dress"
catechism "a summary of the principles of Christian religion in the form of questions and answers, used for religious instruction."
bricoleur "a person who engages in bricolage."
incredulity "the state of being unwilling or unable to believe something"
razz "tease (someone) playfully"
crepuscular "resembling or relating to twilight."
aplomb "self-confidence or assurance, especially when in a demanding situation"
dyspeptic "having indigestion or a consequent air of irritable bad temper."
agrarian "relating to cultivated land or the cultivation of land"
diaphanous "(especially of fabric) light, delicate, and translucent"
dictum "a formal pronouncement from an authoritative source"
vulpine "relating to a fox or foxes"
exegesis "critical explanation or interpretation of a text, especially of scripture"
anathema "something or someone that one vehemently dislikes"
divan "a bed consisting of a base and mattress but no footboard or headboard."
rascality 403
insalubrious 403
saturnine 403
surcease "ending; cessation"
susurrant 403
efflorescence 403
edify 403
parturition 403
erudite 403
pique 403
dubiety 403
chary 403
acromegaly 403
missive 403
grandiloquent 403
argosy 403
libidinous 403
irascible 403
felicity 403
philistinism 403
expostulation 403
cavalier 403
idolatrous 403
quixotically 403
carbuncle 403
salacious 403
compunction 403
panache 403
penumbra 403
obdurate 403
malcontent 403
feeling 403
rubicund 403
recalcitrant 403
carapace 403
prurient 403
reticence "the quality of being reticent; reserve"
banal "so lacking in originality as to be obvious and boring"
ignominy "public shame or disgrace"
verisimilitude "the appearance of being true or real"
prosopagnosia "the inability to recognize the faces of familiar people, typically as a result of damage to the brain."
modicum "a small quantity of a particular thing, especially something desirable or valuable"
melodramatic "relating to melodrama"
particular "used to single out an individual member of a specified group or class"
nihilism "the rejection of all religious and moral principles, in the belief that life is meaningless."
chagrin "annoyance or distress at having failed or been humiliated"
oubliette "a secret dungeon with access only through a trapdoor in its ceiling."
